== README; http://www.MarkYoung.me

This is the personal portfolio of me, Mark Young.  I am releasing the software under the MIT Open Source License so that others may use, modify, and give me pointers on how 


== Getting Started

1. Install on server using either git or Capistrano.  You may want to edit config/deploy.db to suit your needs
2. Edit the config/database.yml to suit your needs.  It defaults to SQLite.
3. run 'rake db:migrate'
4. Edit lib/tasks/poplulate.rake with your own data.
5. Populate database by 'rake db:populate'.
6. run 'ruby script/server'

== Gems Needed

1. chriseppstein-compass
2. RedCloth

== Vendor Plugins Used

1. acts-as-taggable-on
2. acts_as_tree
3. haml
4. irs_process_scripts
5. less-for-rails
6. searchlogic

== License

The MIT License

Copyright (c) 2009 Mark Young

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.